2.0 provider package notes (#182)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/marketo-to-redshift.md

  instance via Astronomer, but the core code should work the same regardless of how you’re hosting Airflow
- Docker running on your machine

> > Note: In Airflow 2.0, provider packages are separate from the core of Airflow. If you are running 2.0 with Astronomer, the `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` package is already included in our Airlfow Certified Image; if you are not using Astronomer you may need to install the package separately to use the hooks, operators, and connections described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In Airflow 2.0, provider packages are separate from the core of Airflow. If you are running 2.0 with Astronomer, the `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` package is already included in our Astronomer Certified Image. If you are not using Astronomer, you may need to install the package separately to use the hooks, operators, and connections described here. To learn more, read [Airflow Docs on Provider Packages](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/index.html).
```
